Announce a breaking change of added `dispose()`. (#9397)
flutter/website: src/release/breaking-changes/index.md

* [Deprecated just-in-time navigation pop APIs for Android Predictive Back][]
* [Deprecated `Paint.enableDithering`][]
* [Updated default text styles for menus][]

> * [Windows build path changed to add the target architecture][]

Reviewer: was this intentionally deleted?

Author: returned. thanks

### Released in Flutter 3.13

> * [Add missed `dispose()` for some disposable objects in Flutter][]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Add missing calls to `dispose()` for some disposable objects in Flutter][]
```

* [Migrate a Windows project to ensure the window is shown][]
* [Updated `Checkbox.fillColor` behavior][]

> [Add missed `dispose()` for some disposable objects in Flutter]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/dispose

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Add missing calls to `dispose()` for some disposable objects in Flutter]: {{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/dispose
```
